caracas the characters who made the
sport history tells tina
federico buffa saw right
I believe a master like borges in my own way
to see the greatest writer of the
history of Latin America certainly the
according to him, more North Americans
make up for the absence of an epic
because they were born too late in the end
of the 700 with their contemporary epoch
perfectly photographed immortalized by
hollywood I would like to add
that also in large entertainers of the
American sports have their own vision
ethics of life and they have it almost for
nature is the case for example of chris
paul
chris paul and the play maker from his
American who won the Olympics a
london and is probably the largest
obvious play maker now let's move on
with our history in the north
carolina then south of the united states
in the early 2000s
chris honors an unwritten commandment
of the south and the united states that says i
most important in your life are yours
grandmother
if you have the privilege of having chris the
grandfather had it
nathaniel jones but for all was
Pope Cilli at Pacilli was his best
friend had a gas pump
at the entrance of the city the pump of
gasoline normally asked for seven o'clock
evening
unless his nephew did not play
then it closed
daddy cheliera contextual to chris foy
chris paul to the small player with the
chocolate brown eyes of creativity
scary of a passing talent
really sometimes even the art
one day a group of criminals for
robbing him they bound him gagged him
with adhesive tape and hit him a
a couple of times to the head
papa chile was a cathedral tree but he had
heart problems and dies
the news comes to that exposes the heart
yes fracture is not a wound on curable
that didn't just lose your grandfather
survive a grandfather can stay there
you really lost your best
friend at the funeral the other daughter's aunt
of daddy civilians says I see you in
sony difficulty would be son
maybe there is a way to honor your grandfather
how old was his grandfather when he died
61 because when your next game
Wednesday because it will score 61 points per
his memory in this race the record of
chris paul points up to then in
career at school level there was 39 la
game to play crissa not to force
not even within a context
almost mystical there is little to say at the end
of the first half has already scored 32
are one of those evenings that one passes
once in a while he has 46 at the end of
third quarter is 2 30 from the end it has
59 comes into dribble it says foul
marks are 60 and 61 lend to the ground
lying down, look at the ceiling and eyes
of chocolate are already watering must
go to the bezel because of for
regulation an additional throw must
mistake it by force I'll tell you a
meter body the ball is bouncing
and he has already turned towards the bench
he had to hug his father crying
it felt like miners are 61 like
nathaniel jones lane said by all
papa chile